Add normalization processor and RRF processor stats (#1326)
opensearch-project/neural-search: CHANGELOG.md

### Enhancements
- [Performance Improvement] Add custom bulk scorer for hybrid query (2-3x faster) ([#1289](https://github.com/opensearch-project/neural-search/pull/1289))
- [Stats] Add stats for text chunking processor algorithms ([#1308](https://github.com/opensearch-project/neural-search/pull/1308))

> - [Stats] Add stats for normalization processor and RRF processor ([#1326](https://github.com/opensearch-project/neural-search/pull/1326))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Stats] Add stats for score based and rank based normalization processors ([#1326](https://github.com/opensearch-project/neural-search/pull/1326))
```
